README.md, before:

# FuzzPhyte Unity Tools

## Utility

FP_Utility is designed and built to be a simple set of base classes to be used in almost all future FuzzPhyte packages. There is an element of Scriptable Object and an element of just simple input/output functions as well as some core scripts timed to timers etc.

## Setup & Design

FP_Utility is not much by itself and is designed to allow extensions and/or inheritance for other work. An example of this is the FP_Notification.cs file. This is a super simple class that a lot of other projects will be derived from.

### Software Architecture

### Ways to Extend

## Dependencies

Please see the [package.json](./package.json) file for more information.

## License Notes

* This software running a dual license
* Most of the work this repository holds is driven by the development process from the team over at Unity3D :heart: to their never ending work on providing fantastic documentation and tutorials that have allowed this to be born into the world.
* I personally feel that software and it's practices should be out in the public domain as often as possible, I also strongly feel that the capitalization of people's free contribution shouldn't be taken advantage of.
  * If you want to use this software to generate a profit for you/business I feel that you should equally 'pay up' and in that theory I support strong copyleft licenses.
  * If you feel that you cannot adhere to the GPLv3 as a business/profit please reach out to me directly as I am willing to listen to your needs and there are other options in how licenses can be drafted for specific use cases, be warned: you probably won't like them :rocket:

### Educational and Research Use MIT Creative Commons

* If you are using this at a Non-Profit and/or are you yourself an educator and want to use this for your classes and for all student use please adhere to the MIT Creative Commons License
* If you are using this back at a research institution for personal research and/or funded research please adhere to the MIT Creative Commons License
  * If the funding line is affiliated with an [SBIR](https://www.sbir.gov) be aware that when/if you transfer this work to a small business that work will have to be moved under the secondary license as mentioned below.

### Commercial and Business Use GPLv3 License

* For commercial/business use please adhere by the GPLv3 License
* Even if you are giving the product away and there is no financial exchange you still must adhere to the GPLv3 License

## Contact

* [John Shull](mailto:JShull@fuzzphyte.com)

Commit message:

Updating Readme, Changelog, and License
* still setting things up

README.md, after:

# FuzzPhyte Unity Tools

## Utility Analytics

FP_Utility_Analytics is designed to be a set of stat reporters that build upon simple calculators. You assign the calculator you want to your stat reporter, you then generate various events that report to the stat reporter, and when you want to process your calculations you just end the reporter and it will run all associated calculators. It's designed to be extended and built upon. The architecture is a little messy as there are two layers of abstraction between mono and then two layers deep of standard C# classes that hold the data. Please use the examples as a starting point.

## Setup & Design

FP_Utility_Analytics works really well if you have a UI in mind that you want to pass the data to. By itself this package will record various things for you and shouldn't be used if you're running A LOT of data events - use a damn database! This is just to manage simple data.

### Software Architecture

### Ways to Extend

## Dependencies

Please see the [package.json](./package.json) file for more information.

## License Notes

* This software running a dual license
* Most of the work this repository holds is driven by the development process from the team over at Unity3D :heart: to their never ending work on providing fantastic documentation and tutorials that have allowed this to be born into the world.
* I personally feel that software and it's practices should be out in the public domain as often as possible, I also strongly feel that the capitalization of people's free contribution shouldn't be taken advantage of.
  * If you want to use this software to generate a profit for you/business I feel that you should equally 'pay up' and in that theory I support strong copyleft licenses.
  * If you feel that you cannot adhere to the GPLv3 as a business/profit please reach out to me directly as I am willing to listen to your needs and there are other options in how licenses can be drafted for specific use cases, be warned: you probably won't like them :rocket:

### Educational and Research Use MIT Creative Commons

* If you are using this at a Non-Profit and/or are you yourself an educator and want to use this for your classes and for all student use please adhere to the MIT Creative Commons License
* If you are using this back at a research institution for personal research and/or funded research please adhere to the MIT Creative Commons License
  * If the funding line is affiliated with an [SBIR](https://www.sbir.gov) be aware that when/if you transfer this work to a small business that work will have to be moved under the secondary license as mentioned below.

### Commercial and Business Use GPLv3 License

* For commercial/business use please adhere by the GPLv3 License
* Even if you are giving the product away and there is no financial exchange you still must adhere to the GPLv3 License

## Contact

* [John Shull](mailto:JShull@fuzzphyte.com)
